CLIENT REVIEWS & RECOMMENDATIONS
Wardrobe by Wiebracht

These testimonials are preserved word-for-word from client-provided review documents and LinkedIn recommendation screenshots supplied by Daniel Wiebracht.

Jordan Kemper — Consultant & Speaker
Daniel is the most professional and thoughtful businessman I've ever met. He is always on time, always over-delivers, and puts his clients' needs above his own. You can expect world class service and products from Daniel.

Dan Sorey — Partner at Sorey & Hoover, L.L.P.; Board Certified Personal Injury Trial Lawyer
Daniel is knowledgeable and patient, especially for someone who hates shopping! Nothing easier than having him drop by your office, show you options and place an order. Great guy! Thanks Daniel.

Craig Hobson — Website Consultant & Strategist
Instead of writing a little fluff I was going to point out a few reasons why you may not want to hire daniel. I couldn't think of anything. Well, he's tall. And I'm always a little jealous that he is always so well dressed.

Daniel Wiebracht is premium value, extremely likable, and hands down one of my favorite people. Hire him. You'll be glad you did.

Daniel Waitzman — Shareholder at Hughes Socol Piers Resnick & Dym, Ltd.
Daniel worked very hard to obtain my business over the course of a year or two and I’m glad he did. While Daniel sold himself to me, it was the custom suit he delivered a few weeks later that sold me on his services. The best part is I never had to leave my office to go shopping. Daniel brought his vast knowledge of clothing and passionate interest in my clothing needs to each of our meetings. I wish him the best of luck in Texas with his new family and business.

Brendan Burke — Director at Global Economics Group, Certified Personal Trainer
Daniel was very helpful to me in choosing great looking, well made clothes by Tom James. I'm happy to recommend his work to anyone.

Chris Krahe — Managing Director, Chief of Staff to the CEO at S&P Global
Daniel provides excellent customer service and expertise. I was very satisfied with all my custom clothing purchases from Tom James while working with Daniel.

Colin McRoberts — Congressional Candidate for the Kansas First District
Daniel is a talented and dedicated clothier; I relied on his taste and recommendations for years. I also quickly learned that I could rely on his punctuality and dedication; he stands by his work and his firm's work. I would still be a regular client if he were still a regular Chicago resident. As it is, he is the first person I will turn to with special or difficult requests.

Michael Chu — Partner at McDermott Will & Emery
Daniel is a top-notch representative over at Tom James, and I have been very pleased with his approach and expertise. What I most appreciate is his understanding of the time constraints on a busy client. He is not a high-pressure salesman (which is a huge turnoff for so many of us) but rather a very knowledgeable consultant who can help you make decisions on what works and what doesn't. His clothing line is very good, reasonably priced, and it changes often. I recommend Daniel very highly.

Michael Lindberg CFP®, CLU® — Founder and Private Wealth Management Advisor at Four Oak Financial
Daniel is a great guy who is passionate about what he does. He is flexible and accomodating to my busy schedule and is someone I will be using for a long time due to his knowledge of the industry. I appreciate all the work Daniel does for me and would highly recommend him to anyone interested in looking their best personally or professionally on a daily basis

Devlin Schoop — Circuit Judge, Circuit Court of Cook County
I've bought several suits and ties from Daniel. Always satisfied with the product and service. Thanks, Dan!

Peter Nabicht — Maker. Gettin' stuff done at Hive Trading.
Daniel is fantastic at what he does. Since I've started using him I've never once had to think twice about my clothing. He will make great suggestions, execute what I want, and make sure that every detail is correct. I'll never go store bought again.

James McGovern, CPA/CFF, CVA — Forensic Accountant and Economic Damages Expert
Daniel is a excellent clothier. He will come to your office and outfit you with all your clothing needs. He is very customer oriented and will respect your time. If you are looking for great suits or other clothing and hate to shop, let Daniel do the work for you.

Dean Marinakis — Attorney at Law
Daniel is a pleasure to work with and goes the extra mile to ensure that his clients are happy and pleased with their purchases.

Mike Cherry — R. Lacy, Longview, TX
I have just moved to Longview about a year ago, and I have had the privilege of meeting Daniel Wiebracht at Tom James and have since purchased a suit and several sports jackets and other items through Daniel this past year. I have been very impressed with the high end quality of the merchandise and the excellent service that comes with each order. I have a very busy schedule and I hate with a passion to go into various stores to try and update my wardrobe. With Tom James, Daniel comes to me at my office, at a time that is convenient for me, and with the very first visit he records all of my measurements to allow me to spend a very short amount of time to quickly pick out what I want and need, then several weeks later Daniel shows up with custom made clothes for a reasonable price and absolutely no hassle on my part. Very high end quality and service, for custom made merchandise, for a very reasonable cost with the utmost of convenience! That's Daniel Wiebracht & Tom James.

Stephen Higdon — US District Court, Tyler, TX
Working with Daniel has been an absolute pleasure. He accommodates not just a busy schedule, but also works diligently to ensure that you are happy with your garment. He asked all the right questions to figure out what mattered to me. As a result, the final products have exceeded my very high expectations.

Reed Rippy — Rippy Oil, Tyler, TX
This is the first time I've used Daniel's services, but not Tom James, and was very impressed. Daniel was professional and pleasant. He fitted me and my son, and the pants and shirts came back when he said they would. My son lives out of state, and he received everything in fine order. Daniel was also very flexible as far as setting up a time and place to meet. Next time I need new clothes, I would definitely use Daniel and Tom James again.

John Mark Coburn — Attorney, Mt Pleasant, TX
Daniel Wiebracht has done a great job! He has great taste and understands customer service. I highly recommend him.

Richard Lawrence — Bryce’s Cafeteria, Texarkana, TX
Just a note about Daniel Wiebracht...Daniel has been selling me cloths from Tom James for several years. I very much like his style and his patients with me. If I don't like something that he has shown me or something that I have bought that does not fit me right, Daniel is very understanding and gets things right. I think he is a great sales person and handles himself in a professional manner. I know Tom James should be very proud to have someone like Daniel that represents their company.

Duane Gaulden — Select Insurance Group, Greenville, TX
I found Daniel's customer service to be prompt, courteous and friendly. He has bent over backward to make sure we were satisfied with our order.

Cole Tomberlain — Tomberlain Insurance, Longview, TX
First impressions are everything in business, and separating yourself from your competitors before you even open your mouth for an introduction is key. Daniel Wiebracht allows my success in my business to be reflected through my attire. Sharp suits that are tailored to fit my body perfectly allow me to feel comfortable and confident. Whether I am in the office or at a business after hours, I am constantly receiving compliments on the subtle flair that sets the suits apart. From monogrammed cuffs with my signature to ticket pockets and suspenders, Daniel Wiebracht does an incredible job of helping me look professional and unique.

Wes Hill — Attorney, Longview, TX
Daniel is a patient guy focused on getting you what you want and making sure it looks like you want it to look.

Linda Smith — Attorney, Bossier City, LA
Daniel provides excellent service with the follow-up care that is appreciated in order to make certain your clothing purchases meet your expectations. He understands his customers and puts their needs first. As a female professional I appreciate his willingness to serve this niche market when few others will or can do so.

Chad Morgan — Morgan Insurance, Lufkin, TX
Daniel has been a trusted person for me for my clothing needs. His personal service is very much appreciated and it helps me greatly when I need to make some clothing decisions. His professionalism, knowledge, and personal service are very much appreciated and I would highly recommend him to my friends and colleagues. Keep up the good work!

Dr. Mark Littlejohn — Otolaryngologist, Longview, TX
Because of my shorter stature, both my pants and shirts have to be custom made for a correct fit. I was introduced to Tom James through Daniel Wiebracht, our area "bespoke" clothier. His professionalism has been a joy to work with, and the tailoring is impeccable. I find his advice to be current and his selection of fabrics to be essential to the well dressed man. He is conscientious and I can recommend both him and Tom James without reservation.

Ron Hutchison — Network IP, Longview, TX
Daniel, I am very happy with the attention and response I receive from you. The quality, fit and style of the clothes elevates my appearance and confidence as I meet with people to explore business ideas and opportunities.

Judge T. John Ward — Longview, TX
Daniel Wiebracht with Tom James is my go to guy when buying the best of the best. His service is always great.

Paul Boyd — Attorney, Tyler, TX
I have found Daniel to be very helpful. He has gone the second mile to try and help and always been responsive to my concerns. I can certainly recommend Daniel for your clothing needs.

Jerry Rawlinson — Amega Tool Works, Longview, TX
Daniel, you did me a great job! You were very helpful in the selection of colors as well making sure everything fit. It was good doing business you and I’m sure I will see you again.

Andrew Spangler — Attorney, Longview, TX
The quality of my Tom James clothing combined with the commitment Daniel has to making sure I am happy with anything I buy from him makes my wardrobe hassle free. I would recommend Daniel and Tom James to anyone looking to get a better value out of their clothing budget while spending much less time shopping.

Jamey Walker — R. Lacy, Longview, TX
I have been really pleased with the custom made shirts and suit purchased from Daniel and Tom James. Daniel is very professional and pays close attention to detail to make sure the clothes are a perfect fit and match my taste in style and design. I couldn't be more pleased with the feel and look of the clothing.

I haven't had much success with personal tailors in the past, but my experience with Daniel has been great. He's attentive to my needs, as necessary, and provides great advice on my clothing and wardrobe. Additionally, he tailors my clothing to fit the way I like my clothing to fit. It's my pleasure to recommend Daniel to help with your clothing needs. I think he will do a great job for you.
